**Inspiration**
As highschoolers we can already witness the beginning of caffeine addictions, and we can infer that these will only progress as we enter post-secondary. To proactively combat this we wanted to create a caffeine tracker that took scheduling into consideration to better help students plan their caffeine intake.

**What it does**
Front-end: The user can begin using our front end by completing a form filled with personal information, this helps our application determine an estimated tolerance level and their recommended caffeine intake level. The front-end allows students and individuals to enter drinks that they consume and based on drink type and size we can determine the average amount of caffeine the drink must’ve had. These stats are then sent to the daily tracker chart with all the caffeinated drinks they have had and shares stats about their intake. It also has maps tool to help locate nearby caffeine suppliers such as local coffee shops. It also has a scheduling feature where students can enter their schedules and the app will determine the optimal time for users to drink coffee and use it to focus.

Back-end: Our back-end component uses the user’s given personal information to determine an estimated caffeine tolerance level. They can then enter the drink they just consumed and based on drink type and size we can determine the average amount of caffeine the drink must’ve had. From there we can compare the amount of caffeine in the drink to the user’s tolerance level to see if they are below or over their recommended caffeine intake level. Our back-end program will then inform the user if they are within their tolerance level or not.
